[ADD] Employees: adding overview doc larm (#4038)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/employees/employees_overview.rst

company, and allows for the creation of new departments. A summary of any actions that need to be
done for that department is listed in the department card, along with a small graph displaying
absentee employees. Clicking on any listed items on the card will pull up the related information,
such as :guilabel:`Time Off Requests`, :guilabel:`Appraisals`, :guilabel:`New Applicants`,
:guilabel:`Expenses`, and more. Clicking on the :guilabel:`Employees` smart button in each
department will show only the employees in that specific department.

.. image:: employees_overview/departments.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of all departments in the organization.

Reporting
=========

The :guilabel:`Reporting` dashboard is designed to only report on two metrics:
:guilabel:`Contracts`, and :guilabel:`Employee Presence`.

Contracts
---------

These reports help visualize how many employees have been hired, or given a contract, over certain
periods of time in order to visualize the growth of personnel.

.. image:: employees_overview/report-contracts.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of all contracts in their various stages.

Employee Presence
-----------------

> 
> The :guilabel:`Employee Presence` report shows how many employees are currently working or absent,
> and the options to approve :guilabel:`Time Off Requests`, or contact the employee via text  or email
> regarding their attendance can be done here.

Reviewer: Rephrase
```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Employee Presence` report shows how many employees are currently working or absent,
along with the options for managing :guilabel:`Time Off Requests`. Information on how to contact the employee via text or email is also located here.
```

.. image:: employees_overview/employee_presence.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of all employees who are absent and present.

Configuration
=============

The :guilabel:`Configuration` section is where general employee settings are configured, and

> job positions and departments are created and managed. Create onboarding and offboarding plans in
> detail, as well as create and manage contract templates, to more easily handle new recruits. Gamify

Reviewer: Rephrase
```suggestion
job positions and departments are created and managed. From here, it is possible to create onboarding and offboarding plans in detail, as well as create and manage contract templates to more easily handle new recruits.
```

aspects of an employee's job through the creation of challenges and badges, and view all past goals,

> with metrics achieved.

Reviewer: Word choice
```suggestion
including metrics achieved.
```
